♪ Every case in the forest ♪
♪ Is challenging and difficult ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ Will find the answer ♪
♪ We're the best case solvers ♪
♪ Detective Toby and Teri ♪
♪ We are the best partners ♪
LITTLE DETECTIVES
TOBY & TERI
We've got tomatoes
and lettuce and carrots
and sweet corn and blue corn.
All we need are acorns.
And I know
just where to get them.
Up in oak trees, right?
Unless I already found
all the best acorns
and hid them
someplace super secret.
The best acorns make
the very best acorn pie.
Come on!
Okay, we go
four steps this way.
[grunts]
And then four steps this way.
Then four steps back.
[grunts] Kick and turn.
Kick and turn?
Yes. Then to the right again,
step, step, step, step. [grunts]
And this is
where I hid the acorns.
-[head rattles]
-[gasps]
What's wrong?
[panting]
[head rattles]
They're gone.
You're sure they're gone?
We did Bean's dance four times,
always ended up
in the same spot.
And my acorns aren't there!
Someone took 'em!
Don't worry, Bean.
We'll find your missing acorns.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
[Toby]
Who would take Bean's acorns?
That's what we
need to figure out.
Bean really loves his acorns.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this.
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
[gasps]
[Rumy]
Toby, Teri, come quick!
I found an acorn cap!
Bean, is this from one
of your missing acorns?
[sniffs]
Mm, yeah! It's one of mine.
And look. There are marks on it.
Hmm. Teeth marks.
Someone's not
just taking your acorns.
They're eating them.
So how do we catch
an acorn thief?
We need another acorn.
One our thief can't resist.
Feel like
a little arts and crafts?
I always feel
like arts and crafts.
-[all gasp]
-Wow.
All done.
-Wow!
-Yum!
-Amazing!
-Delicious.
It's a fake acorn.
I call it the Fakecorn 5000.
Looks good enough to eat!
Let's hope our thief
takes the bait.
I'll just set this yummy acorn
down right here
and then turn my back
and walk away.
[scraping]
Teri, quick!
[Teri]
It's gone!
[scraping]
Whoa! Toby! Teri! Over here!
I saw him! He was here,
but I guess he wasn't fooled,
so he left.
Where'd he go?
It's okay. If you know
what he looked like,
Millie can draw a picture.
That'll help us find him.
Mm-hmm.
His face was rounder.
Oh, and he looked hungry.
No, hungrier.
[Millie]
Okay, there.
What do you think?
Great job, Millie.
It looks just like him.
You know who that looks like?
Rocco, the pika.
Me, steal Bean's acorns?
No way!
Look at this picture, Rocco.
Tell me that's not you.
It's not! Look at the ears.
They're tiny!
And he's got a tail, a long one.
Look at me.
I'm somewhat lacking
in the tail department.
And look
at those big front claws.
Those are for digging.
Trust me.
That guy lives underground.
That's why we didn't see him.
Lives in the ground.
Has a long tail and tiny ears.
Yup. What we're
looking for is a vole.
That's a vole, all right.
Gonna be tough to find,
digging underground and all.
If only we could hear him
moving around down there.
Maybe we can.
I'm gonna need acorns...
and some bells.
[jingling]
If the vole grabs any of these
acorns, the bells will ring.
So even if we
can't see underground,
we'll be able
to follow the sound.
[bells jingle]
That's him! Follow those bells!
[overlapping chatter]
[bells jingle]
We lost him!
It's okay. Just spread out,
and keep your ears open.
Okay, bells!
One, two, three, ring!
Last chance.
One, two--
-[bells jingle]
-[both gasp]
We've got him! Over here!
[all gasp]
[bells jingle]
It's coming from over here.
[Rumy]
Look. There's a hole.
This must be where he lives.
He's down there somewhere.
And so are my acorns.
[Bean grunting]
[bells jingling]
What are you doing?
Those things are mine.
They are not!
I got them out of a big old oak tree.
They grow in the ground,
where I found 'em.
No, they don't!
Look!
You put those there.
It's a trick.
[bells jingle]
I think we should all relax
a little and talk about this.
[bells jingle]
And so, you see,
acorns grow up in trees,
but when they're ripe
they fall to the ground
and sprout into new trees,
so you're both actually right.
You can get acorns
from high up in the trees
and also from the ground.
I guess it makes sense
how you'd think the acorns
grew in the ground.
I just never knew
they came from trees.
Why do you bury them?
So I have some
when winter comes,
but I have plenty.
We could share.
Sure. If you get the acorns
out of the trees, I'll bury 'em.
Really? You'd do that?
I mean,
I'm not so great at digging.
Of course!
I'm a really good digger,
but I could never
get up in a tree!
-We'll be the perfect team.
-Yeah.
You know what?
I want to make sure you have
enough acorns for winter,
so instead of acorn pie,
I'm gonna make
a cream cheese carrot cake!
-You can have some if you want.
-Yum!
I'd love that!
What's cake?
Cake, well--
Cake is good.
Good? Really?
Oh, I can't wait to try it.
Hey, while Millie
bakes the cake,
what do you say
we go find more acorns?
Yes, great idea.
Race you!
You're on!
Last one to the tree
is a rotten acorn.
-[laughs]
-[bell jingling]
[laughs]
I'm gonna beat you!
It's not gonna be me!
[laughs]
Wait. Before you leave,
smile, and say, "Acorns"!
-Acorns!
[camera clicks]
I'm glad we figured out
where Bean's acorns went.
And even better,
Bean made a friend
who likes acorns
as much as he does.
So what are you gonna do
with the Fakecorn 5000?
I'm gonna keep it.
You never know when you're
gonna need a giant acorn.
[laughs]
Good point.
Okay, time to close this case.
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together] "The Case
of the Absent Acorns"
is officially closed.
It was such a great idea
to have an art show, Millie.
Thanks. It's gonna be great.
What are you making, Millie?
I'm going to weave
an amazing basket.
I found a special spot
in the forest
where I collected
the most perfect sticks ever.
[Jay]
Hey, guys! Look!
I just got my Harry Otter
amazing wizard magic set,
so my art project
is going to be...
the art of magic.
Ta-da! [hums]
Huh? Oops.
Where'd my scarf go?
You dropped it on my sticks.
I hope they don't disappear.
I need them to make my basket.
Don't worry.
Magic isn't really real.
I can only do the tricks
that came with the magic set.
But if I could do magic,
I'd wave my wand over the scarf
and say something like,
"Zoomi-day, zoomi-year,
make the sticks all disappear."
-Wow!
[gasps]
They're all gone except one!
You did it! You did magic!
[laughs]
[laughs] Wow!
That was a great trick, Jay.
Now if you can
just put them back,
I'll start working on my basket.
Uh, but it wasn't a trick.
They really did just disappear.
So? You can make them reappear.
I know you can.
Okay. Let me give it a try.
Zoomi-red, zoomi-black,
make all Millie's sticks
come back!
Oh, no. It didn't work.
Millie, I'm so sorry. I made
all your sticks disappear.
I don't know how to undo it.
It's okay.
It can't be your fault, Jay.
Like you said, magic isn't real.
Yeah, something else
made those sticks disappear,
and we're
going to find out what.
Sounds like we've got a case.
Will you excuse us?
To the treehouse!
[camera clicks]
Millie needs those sticks
to make her basket
-for the art show.
-And we need to prove to Jay
that he didn't make
her sticks disappear.
There's a lot at stake.
There always is, little brother.
There always is.
Let's do this.
♪ Looking for clues ♪
♪ Check the scene ♪
♪ Any cases ♪
♪ Little detectives ♪
♪ Can solve it ♪
[together]
Let's ace this case!
Zoomi-elbows, zoomi-knees,
bring back the sticks!
I'm asking, please!
I'm so sorry, Millie.
I really tried
to get your sticks back.
It's okay, Jay.
I know you tried.
But your art opening
is tomorrow.
What are we going to do?
What if we find new sticks
just as good as the ones
that disappeared?
I guess we could try.
That's a great idea.
Toby and I will stay here
and look for clues.
-Yeah!
-Let's go!
Okay, great! Follow me!
Now let's investigate.
Let's see.
What do we know already?
There was no wind,
so Millie's sticks
didn't blow away.
And no footprints,
so nobody snuck up here
and took Millie's sticks.
It's kinda like magic!
But we know magic
is just make-believe,
Magic tricks may look amazing,
but there's always a secret
that explains them.
Well there's one stick
that's still here,
and it's the only clue
we've got so far.
We need to show it to someone
who knows a lot about sticks.
The killdeer! She uses sticks
to make her nest.
Good thinking.
Maybe she can give us
some clues to work with.
Hey, aren't you
gonna take the stick?
[laughs] Oh.
I guess it fell
out of my pocket.
Let's go.
[chicks chirping]
Toby! Teri!
Let me guess.
You need my help on a mystery.
What can I do for you?
Find some lost trinket?
Maybe identify
a mysterious noise?
Actually,
we're missing some sticks.
Oh, sticks!
Are these
the ones you're missing?
Or what about these?
Or maybe it's these!
Actually, we're looking
for a certain pile of sticks
that disappeared this morning.
They look just like this.
That's weird. I was sure
I put that stick in my pocket.
Where'd it go?
-Is it this one?
-Yeah.
-Does it look familiar to you?
-Hmm.
No, it doesn't look
like any I have.
You said
they disappeared this morning?
Yes, this morning.
Well, then it wasn't a bird
that took your sticks.
It's fall now, and most birds
build their nests in the spring.
Thanks. That's very helpful.
Okay! Mystery solved!
A bird didn't take your sticks.
You need anything else,
you let me know.
These are the best sticks ever.
Now you can make
your basket, right?
Definitely. Thanks, everyone.
I'm gonna run upstairs and get
some glue so I can get started.
Will you guys
watch the sticks for a second?
Don't want them
to disappear again. [laughs]
We're on it!
Millie sounded super excited
to make her giant basket,
Oh, she did!
[sighs]
But what if Toby and Teri
can't find the other sticks
in time?
Oh. I didn't think about that.
Uh, what if you tried
to make Millie even more sticks?
You know, with magic!
I don't know. My magic
hasn't worked well before.
But she did seem really excited,
and I haven't tried
a magic trick
to make more sticks.
Okay, stand back!
More sticks coming up!
Zoomi-doodle, zoomi-nix,
let's give Millie
lots more sticks!
Ah, phooey.
Maybe Toby and Teri are right.
Magic's just make-believe.
[gasps]
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Whoa! They're walking!
It's magic.
This is awful! Now Millie
can't make a basket at all!
Oh, I really messed up
this time!
No more magic ever!
Hey! Where's Jay?
He's hiding in the tree.
Yeah, so he doesn't do
any more magic,
you know, by mistake.
I tried to make more sticks
and just made
Millie's new sticks disappear.
I'm done with magic.
It wasn't magic,
because magic isn't real.
There has to be something else
going on here.
But it had to be magic.
Jay waved his wand,
and the sticks got up
and walked away.
[together]
Walked away?
Yeah! Like this.
Toby's got one of the sticks.
It keeps falling
out of his pocket.
Maybe we should take
a closer look at it.
Okay.
[gasps]
Hey, this isn't a stick.
It's a bug.
[squeaks]
That explains why
your sticks walked away.
They weren't sticks at all!
They're bugs
that look like sticks.
-Wow!
-Is it moving?
-Really?
-Amazing.
-Let me see!
-Wow.
He's a stick-bug.
They're insects
that keep themselves hidden
by looking just like sticks.
So the sticks I collected
were really bugs?
Yup! And when they disappeared,
it wasn't magic.
They just walked away.
[stick-bugs squeaking]
-Nice to meet you!
-Hi!
So I didn't make
your sticks disappear!
Yay! Now I can do magic again,
because we know it's not real.
I don't wanna make things
really disappear ever!
But, how am I ever gonna collect
the sticks I need to make a basket
for the art show if I can't
tell sticks from stick-bugs?
Maybe you can get some help
from a real expert.
What do you say?
Wanna help Millie
find some real sticks?
[squeaking]
Thanks! Let's go get a bunch.
I'm gonna make
the best basket ever!
Welcome to
the Acorn Springs Gallery,
home to some great art,
all made by my friends.
We have Toby's exquisite
papier-mâché balloon sculpture
and Teri's masterpiece
of our treehouse,
Bean's beautiful
and amazing Rainbows Rock,
Rumy's daring and very modern
Pig Descending a Staircase,
and Jay's performance piece,
The Art of Magic.
Behold, an ordinary
blank canvas?
Watch what happens
when I wave my scarf.
-Oh.
-Wow.
Picture frame,
let's take a chance.
Feel the magic,
and start to dance!
[music playing]
That's great!
-Yay!
-Cool!
Yeah!
Way great!
Everyone say, "Stick-bugs"!
-Stick-bugs!
[camera clicks]
I'm sure glad we figured out
what happened to Millie's sticks
and were able to find her more.
Yeah! Those stick-bugs
made it the best art show ever.
Time to close this case!
♪ Finding clues ♪
♪ We solved the case ♪
♪ Follow the facts ♪
♪ The case is now solved ♪
♪ We are detective Toby and Teri ♪
[together] "The Case
of the Slippery Sticks"
is officially closed.